feat: Support creation of HTTPS server (#747)
solid/community-server: config/http/README.md

The factory used to create the actual server object.
* *no-websockets*: Only HTTP.
* *websockets*: HTTP and websockets.

> * *https-example*: An example of what a config should look like if HTTPS is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *https-example*: An example configuration to use HTTPS directly at the server (instead of at a reverse proxy).
```
